Restart (#671)
kuutamolabs/near-staking-knd: README.md

Usage: kneard-mgr [OPTIONS] <COMMAND>

Commands:
  generate-config  Generate NixOS configuration
  install          Install Validator on a given machine. This will remove all data of the current system!
  dry-update       Upload update to host and show which actions would be performed on an update
  update           Update validator
  rollback         Rollback validator
  proxy            Proxy remote rpc to local

>   restart          Schedule a restart in a maintenance window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  restart          Schedule a restart in a window where no block are expected to be produced by the validator
```

Reviewer: "maintainance window" is a concept we made up but outsider will not know.

Reviewer 2: ..."where no blocks 'or chunks' are expected..."

  update           Update validator
  rollback         Rollback validator
  proxy            Proxy remote rpc to local

>   restart          Schedule a restart in a window where no blocks 'or chunks' are expected to be produced by the validator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  restart          Schedule a restart in a window where no blocks or chunks are expected to be produced by the validator
```
